added contributing file (#5)
Bashamega/ai-helper-tools: contributing.md

# Contributing to ai-helper-tools

> Thank you for considering contributing to ai-helper-tools! We welcome contributions from everyone. Here’s a guide to help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for considering contributing to Gemini tools! We welcome contributions from everyone. Here’s a guide to help you get started.
```

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Bugs

To report a bug, please open an issue with:

- A clear and descriptive title.
- Steps to reproduce the issue.
- Expected vs. actual results.
- Screenshots or logs if available.

### Suggesting Features

To suggest a feature, please:

1. Search for existing suggestions.
2. If none exist, open an issue with:
   - A clear title and detailed description.
   - The problem it solves.
   - Examples or references.

### Submitting Code Changes

For code contributions:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Test thoroughly.
5. Commit and push (`git commit -m 'Add new feature'` and `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`).
6. Open a pull request.

## Development Workflow

1. **Fork and Clone**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Bashamega/ai-helper-tools.git
   cd ai-helper-tools
   ```
2. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install

>    ```

Reviewer: Add the step where the users setup the .env file

Author: How? please

Reviewer: add the setups of copying the `.env.example` and with which key should they add and how to get it
